
 

 

Question 1) Which of the following statements are TRUE about Application deployment descriptor?

 

A)   It is the standard application.xml file, which is stored in the top level of the META-INF directory of a J2EE application EAR file.

B)   It is an application server-specific XML file that allows you to specify how the application server needs to deploy your Web application.--

C)   You can configure properties specific to the J2EE application server in this deployment descriptor.--

 

 

 

 

Question 2) Consider the following Statements, which statement(s) is/are TRUE?

 

 

A)   HTML is a document display language that lets users link from one document to another.--

B)   HTML does not permits images and other media objects to be embedded directly in an HTML document

C)   HTML can be used to transmit any file that conforms to MIME specification--

D)   HTML is not compatible with HTTP.

E)   To view an HTML document with rich media content, a client side-HTTP GUI interface is used which is known as web browser.--

 

 

 

 

 

Question 3) Consider the following Statements, which of the following are TRUE-

 

Statement A: A Web-site is a collection of static HTML pages and other media files (.jpeg, .gif, .mov, swf, etc..) which contains all the contents that are visible to the user on a given web server

 

Statement B: When a web-site includes CGI (Common Gateway Interface) processing, it is called web-application, which permits a user to invoke a program present on the web-server.

 

Statement C: Web Services are the services offered by one application to another application over World Wide Web, involving transfer of data in XML using SOAP messages in Business-To-Business (B2B) transactions.

 

 

A)   Statement A is True, Statements B & C are False

B)   Statement B is True, Statements A & C are False

C)   Statements B & C are True, Statement A is False

D)   All Statements are True---

E)   None of the above

 

 

 

 

Question 4)  What is the correct canonical form of URL that locates a specific resource on Internet?

 

A)   protocol://host : port/path/file --

B)   host://protocol : port/path/file

C)   port://host : protocol/path/file

D)   path://protocol:port/path/file

 

 

 

Question 5) What is the default port# for HTTP?

 

A)   1433

B)   26

C)   80 --

D)   8080

 

 

 

Questions 6) Which of the following statement(s) is/are FALSE

 

A)   Servlets are platform independent, because they are written in Java.--

B)   Servlets can only be written in Java.

C)   Servlets request processing is faster than traditional CGI processing because each request is run in a separate thread.--

D)   The web-container (in which the Servlets are deployed) provides additional services to the Servlets, such as error-handling and security.

E)   Servlets have access to logging capabilities, which most CGI programs do not have.

F)   Servlets do not have concurrency conflicts.

G)   Mixing presentation and business logic in servlet was a major disadvantage, which led to development of Template page technologies.

 

 

 

Question 7) Which of the following is NOT the feature of SERVLETS?

 

A)   Highly Scalable

B)   Robust

C)   Object-Oriented

D)   Platform Independent

E)   Efficient

F)   Container Independent--

 

 

 

 

Question 8) Which of the following is not a template page technology?

 

A)   Apache’s PHP

B)   Microsoft’s ASP--

C)   Sun Microsystems’s JSP

D)   Sun Microsystems’s Servlets

 

 

 

Question 9) Consider the following Statements, which statement(s) is/are FALSE?

 

A)   All template page technologies have same fundamental structure: a HTML page is created by web-designer, which embeds special tags created by web-developer, which indicate the code to be executed by web-server at request-time.

B)   JSP pages are opposite of Servlets

C)   Every JSP page is converted into a servlet instance by web-container.

D)   Everything that you can do in a servlet, you can also do in a JSP.

E)   JSP pages do not have concurrency conflicts.

F)   JSP pages are difficult to debug.

 

 

Question 10) Identify the method called by the Web container after creating a servlet instance.

 

A) init()--

B) service()

C) start()

D) destroy()

 

 

Question 11) Which method is automatically invoked by the Web container when a request arrives?

 

A) init()

B) service()--

C) doPost()

D) doGet()

 

 

Question 12) Identify the method that sends user information as query string appended to the URL.

 

A) GET--

B) POST

C) HEAD

D) DELETE

 

 

Question 13) Which of the following statements are TRUE about Web component deployment descriptor?

 

A)   Web component deployment descriptor is a standard web.xml file, which is stored in the WEB-INF directory of a Web component WAR file.

B)   It Contains component specific information, such as, name of servlet, class file of servlet, URL mapping, error pages, initialization parameters, and listeners.

C)   Web component deployment descriptor differs from the Application Server deployment descriptor.

 

 

Question 14) Select the correct order of how does a servlet obtains information (context and configuration information) from the deployment descriptor?

 

1)    The container passes the ServletConfig object to the init() method of the servlet to initialize it.

2)    When a Web application is deployed, the Web container obtains the information from the deployment descriptor and initializes a ServletConfig object and a ServletContext object with it.

3)    The servlet can then obtain information, such as its initialization parameter using the ServletConfig object.

4)    The servlet can then call methods of the ServletContext object to obtain information, such as the context initialization parameters that was specified in the deployment descriptor.

 

 

A)   1), 2), 3), 4)

B)   2), 3), 4), 1)

C)   2), 3), 1), 4)

D)   2), 1), 3), 4)--

 

 

 

Question 15) Consider the following Statements, which of the following are TRUE-

 

          Statement A:  Applets are java programs that are embedded in Web pages.

 

Statement B:  Servlets require browser to be java-enabled.

 

A)   Statement A is True, Statements B is False

B)   Statement B is True, Statements A is False

C)   Both Statements A & B are True--

D)   Both Statements A & B are False

 

 

 

Question 16) Which of the following is/are J2EE components?

 

A)   JSP

B)   Servlets

C)   EJB

D)   All of the above---

 

 

Question 17) An application server has?

 

A)   A web container

B)   An EJB container

C)   Both A) and B)--

D)   None of the above

 

 

 

Question 18) The two web components are?

 

A)   Servlets and web.xml

B)   JSP and web.xml

C)   JSP and Servlets---

D)   Servlets and Tag Libraries

 

Question 19) ?? Identify the correct feature of servlets.

 

A) Servlets are client-side components that generates dynamic contents.

B) Servlets by default can service only one client request at a time.

C) Servlets are platform dependent.

D) Servlets can service multiple client requests.--

 

 

 

Question 20) What is the status code for the condition when the requested resource is not present?

 

A)   404--

B)   405

C)   401

D)   500

 

 

 

Question 21) Select the correct order of request-response paradigm between a web-client and a web-server.

 

1)    The browser interprets the response and represents the contents on the screen.

2)    The web server determines the kind of request (GET or POST) and which file is being requested, and sends the data in that file back as the response.

3)    The web browser sends a request to the server.

 

 

A)   2), 3), 1)

B)   2), 1), 3)

C)   1), 3), 2)

D)   3), 2), 1)--

 

Question 22) Which method is invoked only once in the life cycle of a servlet?

 

A) init()--

B) doPost()

C) service()

D) doGet()

 

 

Question 23) Which of the following statement is true?

 

A) The init() method calls the doGet() method

B) The doPost() method calls the doGet() method--

C) The container directly calls the doGet() method

D) The service() method calls doGet() method

 

 

Question 24) Which of the following element of the deployment descriptor specifies the name of the servlet class file?

 

A) <servlet>

B) <servlet-class>---

C) <servlet-name>

D) <display-name>

 

 

Question 25) Which of the following is a feature of the GET method?

 

A) Handles most request types including file uploading and form submissions

B) Data is passed in the request body

C) Data is passed as query string appended to the URL--

D) There is no limit to the amount of data that can be passed

 

 

Question 26) What is the use of setContentType() method of ServletResponse interface?

 

A) To set the MIME type associated with the request

B) To get the MIME type associated with the request

C) To set the MIME type associated with the response--

D) To get the MIME type associated with the response

 

 

Question 27) A servlet, TestServlet is deployed in the J2EE application server installed in your computer with the context root as testctx. Which of the following URL will you specify to access the servlet?

 

A) http://localhost:8080/testctx/TestServlet

B) http://localhost:8080/testctx/servlet/TestServlet--

C) http://localhost:8080/testctx/servlet/TestServlet.class

D) http://localhost:8080/servlet/testctx/TestServlet

 

Question 28) Identify the sequence of servlet methods that are invoked when a servlet is accessed for the first time?

 

A) init(), doPost(), service(), destroy()

B) service(), init(), destroy()

C) init(), doGet(), service(), destroy()

D) init(), service(), doGet()/doPost(), destroy()--

 

 

 

Question 29) Which of the following statement regarding the HTTP POST method is true?

 

A) Allows sending unlimited length of data as a part of HTTP request body.--

B) Allows creation of bookmarks.

C) Uses simple query strings.

D) POST is the default method unless explicitly specified.

 

 

 

Question 30) Identify the correct sequence in which the Web container calls the life cycle methods of a servlet:

 

1)    On the arrival of first HTTP request, the Web container loads the servlet class and creates one or more instances of the servlet class.

2)    The Web container invokes the init() method of the servlet instance during initialization of the servlet. The init() method is invoked only once in the servlet life cycle.

3)    The Web container calls the destroy() method before removing the servlet instance from the service. The destroy() method is also invoked only once in a servlet life cycle.

4)    The Web container invokes the service() method to allow a servlet to process a client request.

5)    The servlet then waits to receive and process subsequent client requests.

6)    The service() method processes the request and returns the response back to the Web container, by calling certain doXxx() method.

 

A)   1), 2), 3), 5), 4), 6)

B)   1), 2), 5), 4), 6), 3)

C)   1), 2), 3), 6), 4), 5)

D)   1), 2), 4), 6), 5), 3)--

 

 

 


 
